feat: Add Parse Flutter SDK documentation (#928)
ParsePlatform/Docs: _includes/flutter/objects.md

# Objects

> You can create custom objects by calling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can create a custom object like this:
```

```dart
var dietPlan = ParseObject('DietPlan')
	..set('Name', 'Ketogenic')
	..set('Fat', 65);

await dietPlan.save();
```

> Or update existing object by its objectId by calling:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can update an existing object via its `objectId`:
```

```dart
var dietPlan = ParseObject('DietPlan')
	..objectId = 'R5EonpUDWy'
	..set('Fat', 70);

await dietPlan.save();
```

> Verify that the object has been successfully saved using

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Check the response to verify that the object has been successfully saved:
```

```dart
var response = await dietPlan.save();

if (response.success) {
   dietPlan = response.results.first;
}
```

> Types supported:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Supported Types

```

* String
* Double
* Int
* Boolean
* DateTime
* File
* Geopoint
* ParseObject/ParseUser (Pointer)
* Map
* List (all types supported)

> You then have the ability to do the following with that object:
> The features available are:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Object Methods

```

* Get
* GetAll
* Create
* Save
* Query - By object Id
* Delete
* Complex queries as shown above
* Pin
* Plenty more
* Counters
* Array Operators

## Custom Objects

> You can create your own `ParseObjects` or convert your existing objects into `ParseObjects` by doing the following:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

You can create your own `ParseObjects` or convert your existing objects into `ParseObjects`:
```

```dart
class DietPlan extends ParseObject implements ParseCloneable {

  DietPlan() : super(_keyTableName);
  DietPlan.clone(): this();

>   /// Looks strangely hacky but due to Flutter not using reflection, we have to
>   /// mimic a clone

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  /// Mimic a clone due to Flutter not using reflection
```

  @override clone(Map map) => DietPlan.clone()..fromJson(map);

  static const String _keyTableName = 'Diet_Plans';
  static const String keyName = 'Name';
  
  String get name => get<String>(keyName);
  set name(String name) => set<String>(keyName, name);
}
  
```

> When receiving an `ParseObject` from the SDK, you can often provide an instance of your custom object as an copy object.
> To always use your custom object class, you can register your subclass at the initialization of the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When receiving a `ParseObject` you can often provide an instance of your custom object as an object copy. To always use your custom object class, register your subclass at the initialization of the SDK:
```

```dart
Parse().initialize(
   ...,
   registeredSubClassMap: <String, ParseObjectConstructor>{
     'Diet_Plans': () => DietPlan(),
   },
   parseUserConstructor: (username, password, emailAddress, {client, debug, sessionToken}) => CustomParseUser(username, password, emailAddress),
);
```

> Additionally you can register `SubClasses` after the initialization of the SDK.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Additionally you can register `SubClasses` after the initialization of the SDK:
```

```dart
ParseCoreData().registerSubClass('Diet_Plans', () => DietPlan());
ParseCoreData().registerUserSubClass((username, password, emailAddress, {client, debug, sessionToken}) => CustomParseUser(username, password, emailAddress));
```

Providing a `ParseObject` as described above should still work, even if you have registered a different `SubClass`.

> ## Add New Values to Objects
> To add a variable to an object call and retrieve it, call

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Add Object Property

To add a new object property:
```

```dart
dietPlan.set<int>('RandomInt', 8);
var randomInt = dietPlan.get<int>('RandomInt');
```

> ## Save Objects using Pins

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pin Object
```

Maybe you could add a sentence here about the purpose of object pinning.

  
  String get name => get<String>(keyName);
  set name(String name) => set<String>(keyName, name);
}
  
```

When receiving a `ParseObject` you can often provide an instance of your custom object as an object copy. To always use your custom object class, register your subclass at the initialization of the SDK:

```dart
Parse().initialize(
   ...,
   registeredSubClassMap: <String, ParseObjectConstructor>{
     'Diet_Plans': () => DietPlan(),
   },
   parseUserConstructor: (username, password, emailAddress, {client, debug, sessionToken}) => CustomParseUser(username, password, emailAddress),
);
```

Additionally you can register `SubClasses` after the initialization of the SDK:

```dart
ParseCoreData().registerSubClass('Diet_Plans', () => DietPlan());
ParseCoreData().registerUserSubClass((username, password, emailAddress, {client, debug, sessionToken}) => CustomParseUser(username, password, emailAddress));
```

Providing a `ParseObject` as described above should still work, even if you have registered a different `SubClass`.

## Add Object Property

To add a new object property:

```dart
dietPlan.set<int>('RandomInt', 8);
var randomInt = dietPlan.get<int>('RandomInt');
```

> ## Save Objects using Pins
> You can now save an object by calling `.pin()` on an instance of an object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Pin Object

You can save an object by calling `.pin()`:
```
